All right.
So now that we are going to see how we can build a few more details within our chatbot that we are building.
So essentially what I'm going to do is I'm going to say probably in here is if there is a start button
and I'm going to ask like start all new conversation over here.
So if we hit this particular button then I'm going to set the session state dot chat history as empty.
So this is where I'm going to set the chat history.
And I'm going to get the session history.
So this is where we are going to be getting the session history.
So so far we have not really got the session history yet.
And this is the place where we're going to get the session history over here.
And then we need to also clear the session history of the session ID that we're going to pass in.
So I'm going to say dot clear, which is going to clear the session history for us.
And looks like the message that this particular method needs to be, uh, met needs to be somewhere
here because this code is not going to work.
If I do that this way.
And then I also need to bring these code.
I'm going to cut this code from here.
Uh, maybe even we can remove this, get session history clear because this is not required.
Uh, and I'm going to put them all.
So basically I'm going to put all the street code in one single place so that it can be easily maintained.
So this is that all of these are the SD code, the Streamlit code that we have got.
So I put that over here.
Uh, and now we have got the logic for, uh, how the parsing should happen from the, uh, from our
Lang chain sitting in here.
And then we have got the prompt and the final quest over here.
Right.
So I'm going to save all of these, and I'm going to run the application.
And I will show you how this is going to work this time.
See that we have got this new button like start all new conversation.
So once I hit that it is going to clear all the session information at the same time.
Now it's ready for our new fresh new session to work with.
So I'm going to say, how are you doing today?
And um, can I get direction to GPU stores near me?
And if I do that, you will see that it's going to give me a response over here because you don't really
have access to the internet.
So you see that it's going to give me some detail over here.
But now I'm going to just ask a follow up question over here.
I'm going to say, um, is there any other reason?
So you see that.
Now I'm asking like a follow up question to the AI assistant.
It's going to say, sure, if you can provide me your city and more specific location, uh, I can give
you this information.
So it's like the follow up question that we are going to get for the GPU store, as you can see over
here.
Right.
So maybe I'm going to ask one more question so I can just, uh, if I'm going to start a new conversation,
I can just say start new conversation.
See, everything is going to be clear at this time.
And I'm going to ask, what is the power of local LM?
And you see that it's taking a bit of a time over there.
It's not really printing everything instantly, but it is taking so much time before it really prints
all the value in one start.
Because we need to stream the response.
We are going to do that in our next lecture, but for now you see that we have got the entire detail
over here.
And I want to say, can you just, uh, print the headings in bullet points as a summary, oops, as
a summary.
And look at that immediately we get all these details.
So this is happening because we have got the context over here.
And we get all the context contextual response coming up over there.
Pretty cool right.
So this is already working for us over here guys.
And the last thing which I wanted to do is how do I actually stream the responses and also make some
more cosmetic changes in this particular UI so that it can look pretty much like what I showed you in
the starting of this particular section.